There comes a time in every
man's life when he asks himself...
"Am I living the life I should be?"
"Or am I capable of something greater?"
"Is there a change that I can make
in my life right now
to become the best version of myself?
Who do I wanna be?"
What is the life that I wanna have?
What is the face
that I wanna present to the world?
These are the kinds of questions
that keep you up at night.
And when you're behind the wheel of
a high-performance automobile like this,
no one asks those questions.
They know you are that guy.
You have that life.
Maybe
I should look for something less cool.
Can I be honest?
That's your ex talking.
We gotta get your confidence back.
If there's one thing I've learned,
it is never too late to become
the man that you've always wanted to be.
Dan! I don't know how you do it.
Guy looks like he just
got himself a Lambo.
Hey, one man's lemon
is another man's lemonade.
He just needed a squeeze.
Well, it's earned you
Salesman of the Month again.
Nice!
Hey, Deb. Can you take a photo
of Dan for the website, please?
You know what? I actually--
I'm sorry, I gotta get home.
- It's my anniversary.
- Oh, come on, Dan. You do this every time.
Give it to Hal.
What's up, losers?
Hal, how many times have I told
you about driving on the lot like that?
Cars are like chicks, Jorge.
They wanna go fast.
Your fly's open.
Dan-- Come on.
Don't make me give it to this guy.
Oh, come on. I mean,
he's just got his teeth done.
Go get 'em, Hal.
...road ...home...
Hey, Dan.
Hi, Mrs. Overmeyer.
Hey, Daniel.
...Buffalo
- Hey, Beau.
- Hey!
I told you already, Nina.
Stanford is restrictive early action.
If you apply to Iowa now,
you could mess it all up.
I know what I'm doing.
Do you? It certainly
doesn't look like it from here.
- Happy anniversary!
- Aw, baby.
- You remembered.
- Hey. You thought I forgot.
Can you please tell Nina that we're not
paying for her to follow Trevor to Iowa?
Don't say his name like that.
- Like what?
- Come on.
Max! Crushing the peas.
That's a good boy.
Hey, buddy.
How was your day?
You got any plans this weekend?
Come on.
We'll go in the yard, throw a few pitches,
see if you got
any gas left in this cannon.
Come on, bud.
Where you going?
- Samir's.
- Again?
You made me quit gaming
so I'd make friends.
I made you quit gaming
because blowing people's heads off 24-7
isn't exactly healthy.
You know, you're meant to be
babysitting tonight. It's our anniversary.
What? Why can't she?
- What, because I'm a woman?
- That is not what I'm saying.
- That's what you're saying to me.
- It's not.
- What is wrong with you?
- Are you kidding?
- Is this Trevor? Who's talking now?
- Really?
Do you have a life
other than just freaking pissing me off?
- Is it Nina or Trevor?
- I'm serious--
All right. Come on. Stop it, okay? Please.
Look, Nina.
Can you cover for your brother tonight?
It might be good for him
to finally get out of the house,
and you can work on your application.
Fine.
- You're welcome.
- Thank you.
Look, can you just--
Can you talk to Mom
and ask her to, like, lay off of me?
Because I'm a grown woman.
I heard that, Nina.
I'll talk to her. But seriously, Beans--
- No, don't call me that.
- No.
What happened to journalism at Stanford?
- Wasn't that the dream?
- Journalism is dead, Dad.
Yeah, right.
- Is that something that Trevor said, or--
- Yeah, really.
- He shouldn't say that.
- Really? Yes.
He shouldn't be putting ideas
in your head.
- I'm brainwashed.
- My God. Honey,
I am so glad it's not just me.
Oh, my gosh.
- All right, Maxie.
- Okay.
I'm gonna put him to bed.
And then?
- Are we still doing this?
- Oh, we're doing it.
Awesome.
Hey, Samir.
Sup, y'all?
Kyllboi's back, baby.
All right. Here we go.
Come on. Let me show you how it's done.
Watch this.
Give me the last one, guys.
Come on. Come on.
Boom!
Yes!
- Oh, man. Kyllboi's awesome.
- Kyllboi's sick.
We're actually gonna go as a group,
so you can go ahead.
Oh, yeah.
- Eighteen years. Can you believe it?
- It's nuts we keep coming back here
every year for Twisted Cyclone.
What? No. I meant 18 years married.
And I thought you loved this tradition.
- I do!
- Are you sure?
I did.
I just-- I don't know,
you're such a creature of habit.
I love that about you.
You know, we make tacos on Wednesdays--
- Well, Tuesday, everybody's doing it.
- And we have sex on Thursdays.
If we can get the kids out of the house.
- I know.
- We gotta get them out more...
- I know. No one makes a better...
- ...if we want more time.
...weekly planner than you do,
but I don't know.
Maybe I just wanna be
a little bit more spontaneous and travel,
or-- I kind of feel like
we don't really go anywhere.
Well, I mean-- Well, we got the kids,
and they got school,
they got routines and friends--
- What friends?
- And just all that type of stuff.
Kyle has one friend which,
by the way, he never even invites over.
Yeah, but he's a human with a pulse.
- I'll take it.
- God.
- Nina's the one I'm worried about.
- I know.
She's so anti-establishment.
- She's anti the system. She's anti--
- Anti me.
Oh, come on. You know it's true.
- I'm sorry.
- No.
Now's not the time.
You're right.
Now is the time to nut up and get ready
for the near-death adrenaline rush
of Buffalo's 1998 winner
of the fourth-finest roller coaster.
- I know. It's good.
- Do you think you can handle it?
Do you think I can still handle it?
Baby!
- You're so crazy!
- You know I love you!
- I love you!
- Yeah!
I promise,
next year, we'll go somewhere else.
- No. We'll always have Twisted Cyclone.
- No, look. I don't need to come back here
to remember that this is where
I fell in love with you
on our very first date,
holding your hair back while you barfed.
I still can't believe
you wanted to kiss me.
I'll always wanna kiss you.
Yeah.
Hey.
That picture you just took,
it was kind of a private moment.
- You mind deleting it?
- Yeah, I do.
Hey, come on, man. Don't.
Don't do that.
Hey, come on. Take it down.
Take it down.
Make me.
Hey, Dan. Leave it. Let's--
Yeah. Listen to your lady, Dan.
Is there a tough guy in there, Dan?
Are you a tough guy?
Hey, tell me.
How'd a loser like him
get a girl as fine as you...
probably were?
- Bye, Dan.
I didn't want you to fight him.
If I wanted to marry a brawler,
I would've.
I know you don't like violence.
It's not like I care what he said.
What are you doing up?
You want me to do the thing, huh?
Wait. Go.
Wipey, wipey.
New record!
- Oh, shit.
- Hey.
Anniversary sex.
I'm awake.
I'm totally awake.
I'm so sorry tonight was a bust.
- I'm gonna make it up to you, I promise.
- Oh, it's okay.
It's okay.
You know what?
I should have kicked that guy's ass
for what he said to you.
Oh, God.
You totally could've taken him, honey.
Oh, babe.
Sorry. I shouldn't have laughed.
Can we do this on Thursday?
I'm so tired.
Yeah, sure.
I love you.
I love you too.
Remember to block your faces.
You don't wanna lose them.
Husband or boyfriend?
Teenage daughter.
I'm sorry.
Okay, guys. Partner up.
- You?
- Okay.
Cool.
All right.
I'm so bad at this. I usually take barre,
but I couldn't find one in Buffalo.
No, you're doing great.
Just keep your fists up.
- Where's home?
- Nowhere, everywhere.
- I'm in the travel business.
- Sounds so nice.
Are you here for work?
No, I'm here to see my ex.
Now swap.
Sorry, TMI.
Don't worry about it. Just take it out
on the bag. That's what I do.
- How old is your daughter?
- Seventeen.
Oh, my God.
I am so sorry
about that again. How's it feeling?
It's--
No, it's fine. It's a story.
I got beat up
by a physical therapist at the gym.
God.
You have a mean right hook, by the way.
Thanks.
Gosh.
Okay. So, where were we?
Three kids...
Three kids. Yeah.
Yeah. Just when I thought I was sending
one off to college, along came Max.
Adorable...
What?
I don't know. Sometimes I guess
I just feel like I'm a little...
I don't know, trapped?
I know that sounds so awful.
It's just that, Dan, my husband,
I mean, he's an amazing dad, you know?
I guess he's just so content being here.
In Buffalo?
Oh, my God. I'm sorry.
- I didn't mean to...
- No.
- ...say it like that.
- That's true.
I mean, when we met, I wanted to travel.
I wanted to see the world.
But Dan's--
He's just a total homebody, you know?
He's so focused on the family, and I do,
I love that about him. He's amazing.
I just wish our lives were...
bigger, you know? Just...
I get it.
I'm sorry. Talk about TMI.
No, I've got to catch a flight, as always.
But, listen. If you ever do
convince your husband to travel,
I promise you, I'm better at my job
than I am at kickboxing.
- Thank you.
Great news.
- Today is Half-Price Wednesday...
- You're about to go to size 4S,huh?
Are you so big now, huh? How big is Maxie?
So big.
Look at the big muscles.
Okay, hold on.
We're gonna get this for Mama.
And that. And that.
You wanna get ice cream?
Yeah, I'm gonna get you ice cream.
Yeah?
Yeah. There it is.
You want this one?
I'll get you french fries.
Oh, shit.
I'm so sorry about this, pal.
Really?
Hey, asshole.
At least let me put my kid down.
Oh, shit.
- Daniel.
- I'm so sorry, Mrs. Overmeyer.
Uh-oh.
Oh, my God!
Hey!
I told you to let me put my kid down!
I got 'em.
Cleaning team to aisle three, please.
Sorry about the mess.
Thank you for shopping
at Fresh, Fresh, Fresh.
Hold on.
Hey, Beau.
- Hey, Dan.
- Have a good one.
All right.
Shit. The passports are out of date.
From here on in,
Daddy's paying in cash, Maxie.
Hello?
Hey, don't hang up.
How are you still alive?
Yeah, it's nice to hear your voice too.
Look, I need new identities.
I'm burned. Full packets.
Me, my wife, and three kids.
Three? How did that happen?
Do I really need to explain the birds
and the bees right now, Augie,
or can we talk business?
Oh, God.
You've got some nerve calling me.
McCaffrey scorched the earth
looking for you.
Yep. Looks like he's found me.
- How?
- I don't know.
Social media, I guess.
You idiot.
I had to leave my life behind.
Now I'm stuck in Tempe, Arizona, making
fake IDs for entitled college pricks.
- Should I go?
- Oh, no. You can stay.
But given you're trying to look
like you're not in college,
maybe try losing the hoodie?
Look, I'll pay you
a half a million in cash.
And you get Doris a condo
in one of those retirement places.
You know, the ones with the golf carts,
the wine and cheese happy hour,
mah-jongg at six o'clock?
Leave my mom out of this.
- She'll love it.
- I can sell you out for twice that.
Well, you haven't in 18 years.
Meet me in Vegas in three days.
I'll give you a time and a place
once I'm on the road.
Vegas? Why Vegas?
I can't tell my wife I'm taking her
on vacation to Tempe, Arizona.
Vegas, I can sell.
You haven't told them? Are you mental?
What, do you think it's that easy?
What am I meant to do?
Sit them down and tell them
the whole story over French toast?
Oh, hey, kids. You know what?
Pass the maple syrup. By the way,
your dad was a government assassin.
I'll tell them when I'm on the road
and safe. Three days, Augie.
Chess club.
All right, come on.
Where's Nina?
Nina's not the editor anymore. She quit.
What? When?
Three months ago.
So, where is she now?
I don't know.
All right, look.
I'll give you 50 bucks
for your best guess of where Nina is.
I'm a journalist. I don't give people up.
100.
Try under the bleachers.
That's what I thought.
I wrote my college essay on how
universities propagate systemic racism,
and my mom shot it down.
I was like, "Hello,
that's how change happens."
And she goes, "No, that's how
community college happens."
Nina.
Dad, what are you doing here?
This is a safe space.
He can't just come in here.
Your dad's hot.
Okay, Kelly. That's gross.
You're meant to be
in an editorial meeting.
Yeah, I am. I was.
- I--
- You quit three months ago.
How could you do that?
You worked so hard to become editor.
- You don't even read my stuff.
- Of course I do.
- I always do.
- Yeah. Bullshit.
You know what? I don't have time for this.
Where's the chess club?
- We need to find your brother.
- Can't you tell me what's going on?
Nothing. I have a surprise
for the family, okay?
- What's the surprise?
- Where is the chess club?
It's in the math building.
Thank you, Kelly.
- Dad, wait.
- What now?
He's not there.
Stay in the car.
Oh, no. Forget it. I am not missing this.
- Missing what?
- Nothing.
Go, go, go, go, go.
- Shit.
- Are you Samir?
- Yeah.
- I'm Kyle's dad. Is he here?
What happened to chess club?
It was canceled today.
- Right, Samir?
- You don't pay me to lie.
- You pay him?
- No, I--
You don't need to-- It's--
- I can explain.
- Get in the car.
- I--
Let's go now.
Traitor.
- So, what's the big surprise?
- We're going on a trip.
I actually have plans this weekend, so I--
You're very grounded, both of you.
Look, we're going up there
to get your mom.
You two are gonna show her
nothing but excitement for this trip,
or I'm gonna tell her
that you've been lying to us,
and you know how that's gonna go down.
Where are we even going?
Vegas?
- We're going to Las Vegas today?
- Well, you said you wanted...
- Now?
- ...to be more spontaneous.
I heard you. And Jorge said
I could take a few days off.
Is Jorge the one that does...
- ...hydromassages on Tuesdays?
- No, Mrs. Kessler. Jorge is Dan's boss.
- Is Dan giving me a hydromassage?
- No, Mrs. Kessler.
There's no massages today.
No. The kids have a long weekend,
and they're pumped. Right, guys?
Guys, tell your mom
how pumped you are for this trip.
- Yes!
- So pumped.
Dan, we can't just up and go to Vegas.
I mean-- And why Vegas?
I know it's not Europe,
but there's a Venice and an Eiffel Tower.
You know what? I bet you
we can get last-minute Adele tickets.
- You love Adele.
Of course I love Adele.
Who doesn't love Adele?
- I love Adele.
- Everybody loves Adele.
She's got the voice of a freaking angel.
Come on, Jess. What is holding us back?
Who are you? I mean,
I don't even recognize you.
Well, you're gonna love him.
He's crazy in bed.
Are you sure it's not Tuesday?
You deserve a break. And I think this
could be really good for us as a family.
And we're driving there?
Well, nothing brings
a family together like a road trip.
But we gotta go now.
Before the traffic gets bad.
And Mrs. Kessler, I'm so sorry.
You keep working on those deltoids, okay?
- Thanks, Jorge.
- What about our stuff?
- I mean, I need to pack, the baby. It's--
- Oh, no.
I got all the basics packed already.
Yeah. When we get there,
we're gonna use the money that we
saved on flights to go all Pretty Woman
in those fancy hotel boutiques...
- ...that smell like leather and patchouli.
- Stop.
And guess who's got no budget?
You get whatever you want.
Okay. This is totally crazy.
- Dan, this is crazy.
- I know. It's crazy.
- Oh, my God.
- We're gonna get crazy.
We're going to Vegas!
Do we have snacks?
Let's just get out there on the road,
and then we can make a stop and--
I think I'm gonna take a shortcut.
Save us a little bit of time.
What?
Go, go, go!
- Shit.
- It's a shortcut. You never take Elmwood?
Shit.
All right. We're off.
Hey, Maxie.
- First road trip.
- Yeah.
Max, you excited?
Five hours on a plane,
or 33 hours in a car?
I choose 33 hours.
Da!
Honey, you remembered my boots!
- Yeah.
- Baby!
I can't believe that.
- Oh, my God. Jesus. Dad.
- Jesus.
- Easy there, lead-foot.
- Sorry about that.
Think a squirrel or something
jumped out in front of me.
Oh, my God.
- Where on earth are you taking us?
- What? Oh, no. This is a shortcut, honey.
You never take it?
Shit.
He's tracking us.
Oh, nothing.
Nothing, honey.
You know what? Actually, I gotta stop
and check something at work real quick.
- Is that Hal?
- Yeah. He's got a new mustache.
- You work with that guy?
- It will just be a second.
I think there's a service area
to the right.
All right. If you guys just give me
a second, I'll be right there.
- Dad, what the hell?
- Language, Nina.
Dan, what the hell?
Oh, well, we're driving 2,000 miles.
We've gotta change the oil,
check the coolant,
pop a little extra air in the tires.
I'd hate to be halfway across the desert
and wish we'd checked that coolant, right?
Can we not be in the car for it?
Okay, he's stopped.
He's right ahead of us.
He should be here.
Hey, guys.
Just hang in there for a minute.
Dan?
Mom, when we're in Vegas,
- can I go to HyperX?
- No, you're not going to a strip club.
- It's not a strip club.
- Why are you laughing?
You're not gambling, Nina.
- Do you have a fake ID?
- I'm not being-- No.
Dan!
Hey, Hal. Nice wheels.
- She just come in?
- Yeah.
I was thinking about
opening her up a little bit.
Oh, man. I tell you what.
She wants to go fast.
Cars are like chicks, man.
- Yes! Right.
- Get her on the freeway.
You open her up.
And you get a ticket, it's on me.
I got him. He's on the move.
He's heading west.
Hey, guys.
- Yes?
- We're ready.
Are we going to Vegas,
or are we just gonna live up here?
We're on our way, honey.
- Honey, aren't your feet cold?
- I don't care. I am on vacation.
What are you doing?
I'm posting about our trip.
Look, do we really need to be posting
and tweeting and TikToking?
In my day,
road trips were all about interaction.
No, Dad. Please. I can't deal
with a dad lecture right now.
You literally don't even know how to text,
so your opinion doesn't count.
I'm serious. This should be
a device-free vacation, okay?
Give them up, now.
- What?
- Seriously.
- Give it up. Now.
- Jess, a little help?
- Okay, you heard him. Hand 'em over.
Yours too.
All right. Mine too. All of us, okay?
Solidarity! Bye!
No!
No, no, no. Dad.
- No way you just did that. What?
- Oh, my God, Dad.
I've just freed our family
from the shackles of technology
- with a flick of my wrist. Just like that.
- Stop the car.
And trust me, it's gonna bring us all
closer together. Just you wait.
You've lost your mind.
- Oh, my God.
- Whatever. I'll just buy myself a new one.
What, like you buy your friends?
- Look, Samir is a business associate.
- Oh, yeah.
- Look. At least they're talking.
- Do you wanna tell Mom and Dad
- about all your business endeavors?
- I don't give a--
I've got a question for you,
Mr. Spontaneous.
Without our phones, how are we
gonna know where we're going?
If this is a joke, it's not funny.
It's not a joke. We're going
on a family road trip. We need maps.
Dude, why don't you just, like, you know--
Yeah, Dad. Why?
Because he was trying
to promote familial bonding
through the forcible
removal of technology.
Look, I need travel help.
Isn't this what you do?
Not for a long time.
What's your destination?
Las Vegas.
I'm also going to need help
with some reservations,
if that's not too much
of an inconvenience for you.
Okay. Here you go.
All right.
- I'm gonna need a credit card.
- You know what? Here's my membership card.
I think you'll see
I've got a few rewards points there.
That's not really how it works.
- It's like a whole thing.
- I get it.
Maybe with all those points,
I don't even need a credit card.
What do you think, Levon? Are we good?
How many points do we have?
Looks like you are platinum elite
superior diamond members.
And I would love to help you today.
Stop, collaborate and listen
Ice is back with a brand-new invention
Something grabs a hold of me tightly
Flow like a harpoon daily and nightly
Will it ever stop?
Yo
I don't know
Turn off the lights and-- and I'll glow
To the extreme
I rock a mic like a vandal
- Please stop. Can someone unlock the car?
- A chump like a candle
Deadly
Say, "Ooh."
Damn.
It's pretty impressive, huh?
How good is Mom?
...problem, yo, I'll solve it
Check out the hook
While the DJ revolves it
Ice, ice, baby
Come on, guys.
- Ice, ice, baby
- What is "ice, ice, baby"?
Call in everybody.
The Swedes, Gunther, Spiros.
- I want 'em found.
- Well, there's no hits on their cards.
Must be using cash.
I've been tracking their socials,
but nothing so far.
Must have turned their phones off.
Hey, his kid's a gamer called Kyllboi.
He's pretty good.
Get eyes on the road,
and find that minivan.
You got it, boss.
Be tough for him to switch cars
without tipping off the family.
- What makes you think they don't know?
- They're still with him.
Look at you. You're in withdrawal.
Can you really not go, like, one day
without blowing people's brains out?
I have a brand to manage.
A desensitized cog
in the violence-obsessed
capitalist machine is a brand?
Oh, good. Trevor's here.
Do you even remember
what your own personality is like?
No.
You used to be cool.
- Do I know you?
- I don't think so.
Well, yeah. I've seen you on Twitch.
You're the guy who took down
Synapse live on his own stream!
You're Kyllboi. Right?
You know about that?
Yeah. Dude, that was badass.
Can I get a picture?
Sure.
Jess, I don't know how to tell you this,
but when we get to Vegas,
we're not coming home.
The truth is,
I haven't been completely hon--
The truth is, when we met--
Before I met--
All right, here we go.
We've got rooms 152 and 153.
Can I get four of those
disposable cameras too, please?
Yeah.
Here you go.
- Thank you. Keep the change.
- Thank you.
You're awesome, dude. For real.
I mean, thank you.
I mean, this is literally the worst ever--
I'm gonna get you.
I'm gonna get you!
All right. Here, kiddo.
Go make some memories.
Yeah, I'm-- I don't know, this is--
It's just a weird experience for me.
- That's so cool I ran into you.
- Look at your brother. He's made a friend.
- Can you do the thing?
- Yeah.
- Awesome. Thanks, Kyllboi.
- Thank you.
- Hey, what was all this about?
- That's a really good question.
- What was that about?
- Yeah, and who's Kyllboi?
You know, that sounds familiar.
I feel like I know who that is.
- That's--
- No one.
- It's nothing.
- Oh, my God.
- It's not important.
- He's Kyllboi.
It's his gamer tag. He never quit gaming.
He thinks he's, like,
famous or something now.
Really?
- Big boy!
- Da.
- Da?
- Is she gonna post that picture?
- Probably, yeah.
- Hey!
Did you get some rooms?
No. They're all booked.
We gotta keep going.
- Really?
- Yeah.
It's them.
Let's go.
- What was that?
- Hey, honey.
Just a little bit of a pothole there.
Max, did you see that?
That guy was flying.
Oh, my God.
- Jesus.
- Oh, my God.
- Where are we?
- Iowa.
- Iowa?
- Yeah.
Wait. Did you drive all night?
Well, what can I say?
I was so damn excited I couldn't sleep.
I mean, I kept getting second winds.
More like fifth winds.
- And then, before you know it, bam.
- God.
We're in Iowa City.
That's not a real cow, honey.
- Okay?
- Oh, my God.
Oh, my God.
Did you just say we're in Iowa City?
- Oh, my God.
- Yes, honey.
That means we're literally,
like, half an inch from SIU.
We can stop and--
We are not gonna
stop and see Trevor, okay?
Actually, I meant that I wanted to see
campus, but whatever.
Right. 'Cause you're really
interested in seeing the facilities.
- Yeah. Actually, I am.
- Are you serious?
Are we gonna argue about this?
About you following a boy to college?
- I'm not following a boy to col--
- Guys.
You're gonna go for three months--
- It's the college that I want to go to.
Obviously,
I would want to go see the campus.
- Why do you wanna go?
- We're so far from home.
This place is gorgeous.
How could you not want me to come here?
I cannot believe
that you are encouraging this.
Look, it wouldn't hurt for us
to be off the road for a bit.
Besides, I mean,
maybe if we want her to listen to us,
we gotta start listening to her more.
Let her look around. It's safe, nice.
And besides,
it'll give us a chance to talk.
Okay. You wanna find out
what college life is really about?
Follow me.
This takes me back.
- It's like a toxic masculinity convention.
- It's called school spirit, Nina.
Yeah, okay. You're not the one who's
gonna get flipped over in a porta-potty.
Well, it's pretty festive. Do you like it?
- Yeah. It's cool.
- Yes.
Hey, sexy. You want me to show you
how to do a keg stand?
Sorry. I didn't realize you were...
a mom.
Nina.
Do you mind?
Okay. Here you go.
Yep.
Oh, my God.
- Yo! Come through. She's gonna do it.
- Mom!
Mom!
I can't--
- Beer me!
- Come on! Yeah!
Chug! Chug! Chug!
Chug! Chug!
- Don't you ever try anything like that.
- Mom, that was--
that was awesome, actually. I--
"Beer me"?
Let's get out of here
before I get too competitive
- and start kicking ass at beer pong.
- Oh, my God.
I wonder what that looks like.
I hope you all enjoyed seeing the library.
First time for me too.
- Hey, guys. Look. There's a tour.
- And you know...
Let's slip in the back and pretend like
we were a part of the group all along.
- Do we have to?
- Yeah.
We're here to support your sister.
If you're questioning that,
you get to strap on Max.
- Let's go.
- Next up,
we'll head on over to visit
our state-of-the-art athletic facilities.
I'm sorry that I ratted you out.
It's just, it drives me crazy
that you get away with so much,
and I get yelled at constantly just
because you guys don't get Trevor.
We get Trevor.
- We don't like Trevor.
- Why?
Ever since you've been dating him, you've
been like a completely different person.
I liked you better before.
Plus, he treats you like shit.
You deserve more.
Is that, like,
genuine concern for my feelings?
No. God, no. Gross.
I wonder what's going on in your mind.
It's just-- I don't know.
Another blast from the past.
You think you can still do it?
No. Not unless I wanted to
end up in the hospital.
It's just-- It's funny
to think how different my life would be
if I hadn't torn my ACL.
- Well, do you want it to be different?
- No. God, no.
It's just-- You know, it's just strange.
You've never even met that version of me.
You just know Jessica,
the physical therapist.
Well, I love every version of you.
- Yeah?
- Yeah. Especially that keg stand one.
It was so freaking hot.
- Yeah?
- Oh, my God.
Did you ever have sex
on the pole-vault mat?
- Don't answer that. Oh, my.
- God.
You have been acting so weird
this whole trip.
But I gotta tell you,
I'm kind of into spontaneous Dan.
Well, you know, Jess. I mean, we all have
different versions of ourselves.
- And sometimes, you just--
- Yeah.
That guy with the gold chain.
He wasn't with the group before.
- Okay.
- What's he doing?
Well, they grow up fast, huh?
Which one is yours?
My daughter is back in Stuttgart.
- I look at school for her.
- Wow. That's a hike.
I have business here.
Chemistry, astronomy, astrophysics...
Hey, you mentioned
having business in Iowa.
What business would that be?
- Corn.
- Yeah?
That's what's in the case?
Of course.
- Ladies.
- Thanks.
- After you.
- No, I insist.
- Dan?
- Hey, honey.
- Coming?
- Yeah.
I'm just getting to know this fella here.
All the way from Stuttgart, Germany.
You know, I had a pen pal
from Stuttgart back in high school.
I even learned a little German.
Nobody needs to know.
If you want to speak about
what's in the case,
it will stay between us.
What did you just say?
"Where's the discotheque?"
Right. Okay.
Don't worry, honey. We'll catch up, okay?
- All right, honey.
- Goodbye, my love.
Fine. You wanna dance.
Let's see what's in the case.
- What the hell is that?
- Heirloom corn.
I thought I made this clear.
So, you're just German?
Yes, exactly.
Oh, shit.
- Biology labs are over there.
- Where's Dad?
- Physics labs are down there.
- He's talking to some German guy.
We have our chemistry labs right here.
Never a dull moment in the labs.
Moving on.
Let me show you
the biggest Van de Graaff generator
in the Midwest.
So, I hope you've all enjoyed
this tour of our wonderful campus.
I know I have.
- Hey. It's getting late.
- Hey.
- We should probably get back on the road.
- Yeah.
- Where's Nina?
- I said she could go say hi to Trevor.
It felt cruel to deny her.
It's okay. She'll be back soon.
Yeah. No. I'm not worried at all.
Okay.
Go away, Josh.
It's me.
Me who?
Nina.
Hey. What are you doing here?
It's, like, a really long story.
But, can I come in?
You know what?
Give me just one sec,
and I'll throw on some pants,
and me and you can grab a matcha.
Oh, my God.
- Oh, my God.
- Hang on a second.
Oh, my God. You're cheating on me.
Monogamy is just a construct
of our Western repressive civilization.
Oh, my God.
I thought
we were on the same page on that.
All right.
Honey, what happened?
He's an asshole. That's what happened.
"Monogamy is just a construct"--
Who even says that?
- Trevor.
- Oh, baby. I'm so sorry.
Can we just go?
That's a great idea, honey. Let's go.
Hey, Beans.
Look, I'm sorry.
You know, when I was your age, I--
You don't need
another dad lecture, do you?
Hey, Beans.
You ever hear of Kyusho Jitsu?
- Kyusho what?
- Kyusho Jitsu.
It's a 13th-century martial art
that uses pressure points
to inflict extreme pain
without permanent damage.
How do you even know about that?
Well, maybe there's more
to your old man than you thought.
Nina, you gotta let go
of these stereotypical--
How was that for "stereotypical,"
you unbearably pompous,
bloviating piece of sanctimonious shit?
Smile.
You deserve more.
- What did you say to her?
- It was just a dad lecture.
God.
What happened to the mirror?
The mirror.
- You didn't hear that?
- No.
It was a semi. It went flying by.
The guy must have been doing a hundred.
And rocks just come
- spitting out of the tire.
- Jesus.
One hit there.
It almost hit the windshield.
What the--
We got him.
We really got you.
You were so scared.
So, did you tell Mom
that I quit the paper?
No. Did you want me to?
I was kidding.
No. I--
I was just kind of thinking
about maybe getting my position back.
Yeah? That's cool.
Only do it if you want to.
I gotta tell you, Beans.
You've got a hell of a voice,
and it deserves to be heard.
Hey. No BS. All right?
I'm serious. That piece you wrote
about pervasive corruption
in the Board of Education--
My God. I got chills.
You actually read that?
Of course I did.
Come on. I'm your biggest fan, Beans.
Always have been, and I always will be.
And so is your mom.
And so are your brothers.
Max just hasn't told you yet.
Oh, a smile.
Wow. Holy shit.
- Oh, my God.
- No, I didn't.
That was-- No.
I mean it. I'm proud of you.
Thanks.
Max is fed and settled in the kids' room.
I am so ready for a real bed.
What?
Nothing.
- Hey now.
- Hey.
You wanna lose that?
Wait.
It's not Thursday.
Okay.
Fuck.
Wow.
What was that?
That felt like-- That felt--
That was long overdue.
That was--
- That's what that was.
- That felt--
That felt different.
- Different good, I hope.
- Different like--
I was cheating on Dan with other Dan.
- That different.
- No. I mean-- No. It was--
Don't get me wrong. That was so hot.
That was like...
What got into you?
I don't know.
Maybe it's being away, or...
maybe it was seeing you upside-down
on that keg shouting, "Beer me!"
Is this what you used to be like?
Other Dan.
Did you change because of me?
No.
Look, I changed because
I didn't like who I was back then.
Then I met you.
Then I became a dad.
And for the first time
in a long time, I felt good.
I just took it too far.
I got too comfortable. Too safe.
- And that probably came across as boring...
- Well...
- ...and maybe neglectful...
- ...for what it's worth...
- ...and I'll never do that again.
- ...I really like both Dans.
- Do you?
- Yeah.
Well, I'm already here, so...
- How convenient.
- Yeah.
- Hello?
- Augie? We're on track tonight.
Aria bar, 6:00 p.m.
Do you have everything?
Some of my finest work. If I may say so.
What, better than that passport
that got me cavity searched in Bogot?
You're never gonna let me
forget that, are you?
Yeah, sure. The day I forget
the snap of that latex glove.
Have you told them yet?
I'm working on it, all right?
It's not exactly easy
to work into a conversation.
You know, they might think
that something is up
when they have to change their name
and leave the country.
What are you waiting for?
I said I'm working on it, Augie.
All right? Give me a break.
Look, Jess.
There's something that I need to tell you.
About the other Dan.
The Dan I was before we met.
Dad? Who you talking to?
Nobody. Sit down.
Girls aren't ready yet.
So, Kyllboi, huh?
Why didn't you tell us?
I knew you'd never get it,
that you'd just freak out
and ban me for even longer.
- Here you go.
- I wasn't trying to punish you, you know.
We just wanted you
to have other interests.
Make some friends.
Be a little bit more normal.
I have friends. Okay? Thousands of them.
People like me when I'm Kyllboi, okay?
I like me.
But when I'm Kyle,
I'm too shy to talk to girls.
You know, I'm not good enough
to make the baseball team.
I'm a nobody.
But when I'm Kyllboi, I'm good, Dad.
Like pro-level good.
Look, okay.
I know you think
it's all just a waste of time,
but it takes brains and reflexes.
The Air Force recruits gamers.
Yeah. Maybe that's what I'm afraid of.
- Let me show you.
- Show me what?
- What I can do.
- Laser tag?
You can't be serious.
Single combat, okay? If I win,
I get to start gaming again.
If you win, the ban remains.
What, I don't get anything?
Okay, fine. What do you want?
A catch. Like we used to.
You and me in the backyard,
throwing a ball every day for six months.
Dad, I'm not 12.
Well, you're gonna smoke me anyway.
Right, Mr. Brains and Reflexes?
Fine. Good luck.
You are so screwed.
Let's go.
You're green. You're blue.
Once you're hit,
you're out for five seconds.
First one to three kills, wins.
You just pull the trigger?
Death match.
Prepare yourself.
Three, two, one, fight.
Go easy on me, buddy.
Dad. Come on.
I'll give you a free one, yeah?
All right.
- First blood.
-   I got lucky there.
All right. That's one.
How are you doing this?
No. No, don't--
Hey, Kyllboi. I thought you wanted
to play laser tag, not hide-and-seek.
You sneaky little shit.
You're getting pretty good at this, Kyle.
Well, at least I don't need a DNA test.
Sudden death.
Game over.
Kyle, come on. Don't be mad.
You conned me.
You're a laser tag savant.
No. I was a kid in the '80s.
Yeah, like there were lasers back then.
Come on, pal. You were good in there.
You adapted quickly. You got creative.
You almost had me.
And I gotta admit,
I really enjoyed doing that with you.
I mean, it meant a lot to me.
Are we good?
Come on. Give me some love.
Real love. Yeah.
- Not bad for an old man, huh?
- Yeah. For sure.
Hey. What do you say, mamacita?
Home stretch. You ready?
- Vegas!
- Are you ready?
Maxie.
- I love you.
It's amazing.
Oh, home
Let me come home
Home is wherever I'm with you
Oh, home, let me come home
Vegas!
Yeah!
Donny Osmond.
Adele!
- Oh, my gosh.
- Well, look at this. We got a spot.
How about that?
Wow!
This is so cool.
- Dan, the floors are so shiny.
- Look at this place!
This is all ours?
Oh, my God.
Oh, wow.
"Enjoy the suite for which
every possible promotion has been applied.
You have a 7:00 p.m. reservation
at La Maison D'Or.
Thank you for being exceptional members.
Levon." How nice.
What?
- Nina?
- Yep.
You have to look at this tub.
I gotta run downstairs for a sec.
Don't let them raid the minibar, okay?
That is not mini.
Oh, my God.
Oh, my God. Yes!
Hey.
Look at you, playing the family man.
I'm not playing. This is my life.
You see any sign of trouble
on your way in?
- Uh-uh.
- Me neither.
I mean, I messed up, stopping in Iowa,
but I think we're in the clear.
Well, then enjoy your last night
as Dan Morgan, my friend.
I've got you on a flight to Vancouver
in the morning under your new identities.
Hey. You're a lifesaver, Augs. Thank you.
Try to get out of Vegas
with some of it, huh?
I promise nothing.
How did the family take the news?
I haven't told them yet.
I'm telling Jess at dinner.
- I suggest a Japanese restaurant.
- Why?
No knives.
Wow. You look incredible.
I know.
Wow! What a lucky guy I am.
Wow!
Come on.
Hey. All right. You two are on Max.
You're not to leave this suite
under any circumstance.
There's food in the supersized minibar.
You do not open that door for anyone.
- You got it?
- Got it.
What about you, Maxie?
- You got it?
- Yeah? All right. Have fun. Be good.
- Screw that, right?
- Oh, yeah.
Ready?
Let's go.
Yeah.
Excited.
Wow.
Hey, let's go to HyperX.
I wanna see the esports arena.
No way. No, I'm not spending my time
in an arena full of Kyles. I'm not going.
Sucks to suck. Me and Max are going.
- Hello, Elvis.
- Uh-huh.
- Bye.
All right. I think it's just down here.
You're gonna love it.
I already hate it.
Welcome to the HyperX Arena.
Five minutes until our final round.
This is sick.
Smells like your room on steroids.
Thanks.
That's Ren.
Hi. Sorry. Big fan.
Thanks. Wait. You're...
- Kyllboi.
- Yeah. I've seen your streams.
Thanks.
Hey.
Do you wanna meet Valkyrae and the others?
Hell yeah.
Okay. I have a gift for you.
- Okay.
- Take him.
Thank you very much.
- To us.
- Yeah.
I can't believe we actually did it.
- We're here.
- Yep.
We're here.
Look, Jess,
- There's something I need to tell you.
- Hang on.
- Come here.
- What?
Oh, my God.
- Thank you.
- You don't have to thank me.
Sorry. I interrupted.
No, it's okay. It's just--
The reason that we came on this trip--
What I was saying was--
Would you like some pepper?
I don't want pepper.
I want to be alone with my wife.
I don't actually speak French.
They just teach us enough to sound fancy.
I'll give you a minute.
You speak French too?
I took some French back in the day.
It's literally kind of weird
that you've never mentioned to me
that you speak two foreign languages.
How good are you?
I don't know, it has been a while.
I have traveled around the world.
Despite that,
it's hard to tell you the truth.
I'm afraid to break your heart.
I don't know if you will still love me...
once you know who I truly am.
I'm sorry that you're
being pulled into this...
but I swear on my life...
that I'll never let any person...
hurt you or the kids.
That was crazy sexy.
Why does everything sound
so much better in French?
Well, it's an innately melodic language.
At some point,
you and I are gonna have to talk
about why you never told me
you can do that.
I mean, it's crazy you didn't tell me.
We should also talk
about how insane you've been acting
ever since you showed up
and whisked us off to Vegas.
But right now,
I just wanna be here with you.
I wanna be eating this amazing food,
and drinking this champagne
we can't afford,
and enjoying each other's company,
and just maybe...
showing that ridiculous hotel suite
some moves it has never seen before.
I don't know about you, but that
sounds like a pretty perfect night.
- What rank are you?
- Ascendant 3.
Damn. Really? That's better than him.
That's incredible.
- Oh, my.
- How long you been playing for?
I mean, since the game came out.
It's cool your brother's Kyllboi.
- Is it?
- Yeah. He's the real deal.
So, is this your...
No. Oh, God. No.
- I found him. Just over there.
- Over there?
- Yeah.
- Just hanging out?
It's time for the finals.
Team Valkyrae
and Team iiTzTimmy onto the stage!
Hey, let's go.
Use Kyllboi.
Are you up for it?
The finals?
Yeah, this is one of those moments, man.
Are you in or out?
- In.
- Let's go. Yeah.
- Okay.
- Don't be nervous.
- It'll be a piece of cake.
- Thanks.
Hey, that was kind of cool of you.
Not really. They're gonna get destroyed.
What's up, everyone?
Take a seat, Kyllboi, right next to me.
Do you have ammo?
I'm gonna try and block us off real quick.
Above here.
Let's go.
- Good job.
- Okay. Next.
No more bets.
- Oh, shoot!
- I'm gonna call the kids.
Okay. Yeah.
Check B Main right now.
- Nice shot.
- Here's the last one.
He satcheled in.
- Are you serious? What was that?
- Nice!
That was so sick!
- Hey.
Hey, the kids aren't answering.
You wanna head back up?
Yeah. Let's do it. Okay.
Jess. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
They okay?
They're good.
Look, I'm so sorry we cut the night short.
I didn't--
Who says we did?
Give me 30 seconds to freshen up,
and then meet me in bed.
Okay.
Mood.
Love mist.
Jess!
Dan?
- Oh, my God.
- There he is.
Dan?
- I've been looking for you.
- Dan.
Dan.
Easy, Coogan.
You got me. You win.
Just let her go.
- She doesn't know anything.
- Well, I'd say she does now, Sean.
Yeah. So here's how this is gonna go.
First, I'm gonna kill you.
And then I'm gonna kill her.
And then I'm gonna have my associate
at HyperX kill your kids.
How's that sound?
I can explain.
That's normal, honey.
Everybody barfs their first time.
Give me one second.
What?
Oh, my God.
Jess, wait. Where are you going?
HyperX.
So, do you want me to talk,
or do you have things to say?
- Do I have things to say?
- Right. Sorry.
I have eyeball on me, Sean.
Fucking eyeball.
- Jess.
- Shut up. Shut up!
I don't wanna hear it.
I don't even wanna look at you.
I just wanna find my kids,
who don't have their goddamn phones
because you threw them away!
Kyllboi, it's just you and me.
Take this guy. Breach.
Watch out!
- I have a rez.
- Okay.
Oh, no.
- Shit on!
- Oh, my God.
It's all on you, man.
To the left. Nice shot.
- Nice. One more.
- Coming.
- Let's go!
- Yes! Yes!
We have a winner!
- Team Valkyrae wins!
- Yes!
Doesn't get much closer than that.
Kyllboi! Kyllboi! That's right.
- Kyllboi!
- Give it up!
- It's Kyllboi.
- Who's Kyllboi?
Kyllboi!
Kyle?
Oh, shit. Kyle!
- Hey!
- Where's your brother?
That's a funny story.
He's literally right there.
- No. Your other brother.
- Okay, yeah. He's fine.
He's good. He's with Ren.
- What?
- Excuse me.
See?
- He's fine. Max is great. Heya.
- Hey.
- Okay. Call me.
- Listen.
I know you guys are mad--
Listen, that's me they're cheering for.
- What were you thinking?
- Well, Max is fine.
Okay, look. Guys,
we don't have time for this, okay?
We need to get out of this city.
Overreact much?
Wait. Why do we have to leave?
Because.
- Jess, tell them, please.
- This is all on you.
We have to leave because
my former coworkers are trying to kill us.
What? From Planet Car Deals?
I'm not kidding around. Ask Max.
Before I met your mom,
I was a covert assassin.
I escaped that life,
and now they've found us.
Dad, you are, like,
the biggest wimp on the planet.
Thank you. Move. Go! Now!
Go, go.
Find an exit.
- Move, guys. Come on.
- Go. Go.
- Dad?
- What the fuck?
I'm gonna draw her fire, okay?
When I do, take the kids that way.
I'll be right behind you, okay?
Go.
Jess, she's coming. Wait here.
- Okay.
- Wait right here.
It's okay, honey.
Everyone barfs the first time.
Come on, we gotta go. Come on. Let's go.
Move, guys. Go.
My real name is Sean.
My mother died when I was four.
My father was prone to violence.
When I turned 18,
it was straight into the army.
I dunno. Maybe it was his genes
coming out, but I thrived.
I was a Green Beret. I was a Delta.
And then I was approached
by a man named McCaffrey.
Former SAS.
He took my training to a whole other level
and recruited me into a special program.
- It was a chance to do some real good.
- What kind of special program?
We took out the worst of the worst.
Terrorists, warlords,
kidnappers all over the world.
Ones the government
couldn't legally touch.
Took out, as in...
- Well, how many?
- Twenty-six.
- You've killed 26 pe--
- No.
No, I went on 26 operations.
Oh, God.
- Thirty-nine people.
- That's more!
- Are we including this trip?
- Total dead people, Dan!
- Dad.
- Forty-three.
They were all bad.
- You are such a hypocrite.
- All bad people.
You took away the one thing I'm good at
because there's fake violence,
and you're a serial killer?
Dad, you were working
for the good guys, right?
McCaffrey was a father figure.
I trusted him, but I was naive.
I mean, it started out legit.
But he got greedy and began
farming us out as mercenaries
to the highest bidder.
And as soon as I found out, I left.
All right?
I fought my way out,
but that meant turning against my friends,
my mentor, against the only real family
that I'd ever known.
So they've been hunting you ever since.
- Yeah.
- I am such an idiot.
This is why you're so secretive,
why you never wanna go anywhere.
Why you're so weird about social media.
Why you're so anti-technology.
Well, with facial recognition software,
I had no choice.
Plus, I really do think that social media
is fundamentally disgusting and gross.
- God.
- But now that they found us, what happens?
I got it figured out.
We're good.
That's yours.
And that's yours. And that's yours.
"Molly Anderson"?
At least you got a real name.
I'm Van.
I'm a vehicle.
Van?
Look, we can't go back to Buffalo,
all right?
Those lives are over. I'm sorry.
I finally have a life,
and you're ruining it.
- Thanks, Dad.
- Kyle, come back.
Dad, no. You don't get to tell us
what to do anymore.
- Ever.
- Come--
- Eighteen years of lies.
- I'm still the man you married.
- I was just something different before.
- Something different?
You weren't in a band or vegan, Dan.
That would be something different.
You were an assassin for hire.
I kept the truth from you
to protect you, okay?
- But our love was real.
- Real? Are you serious?
What, was it so real
that you couldn't trust me
with knowing how much danger we were in?
What did you think?
That I'd go blabbing about it
on the moms' school text chain?
- No. I--
- Or were you afraid I'd leave you,
knowing who you really are?
We were just some disguise for you,
just some part of your cover
as a suburban schlub?
- What? No.
- Fuck, you must have resented us. Right?
Every single day, eking out a living,
wiping kids' asses, driving a minivan.
I love that minivan.
I mean, all of a sudden you're, like,
what, James Bond, and now you're what?
Normal.
A normal guy with a normal,
wonderful, perfect life.
That's all I've ever wanted.
I mean, you were a decathlete.
You should've medaled in Athens.
Do you resent your life as a mom?
Sometimes.
Yes.
I don't wanna be that guy.
I wish I could believe you.
I really do.
But to be honest,
this trip is the happiest
that I have seen you in years.
A trip in which
you have killed four people.
I mean, is this really you?
You're a stranger named Sean.
"Archibald Anderson."
Oh, damn it, Augie.
You know, first thing in the morning,
I am taking the kids and I am leaving.
- Jess, it's not safe.
- It's not safe with you.
They're after you, not us.
And from now on, I'm making
the decisions about me and the kids.
Jess.
Yeah. Hi. Thanks for picking up.
I know it's late.
I was wondering if you could help
with some travel for my family, please.
- Where are you going?
- Far from here, far from you.
- Where?
- It's none of your business.
What? Like hell it isn't.
Hey, you cannot go to the airport,
you know. They're gonna be waiting there.
Well, we're not.
We've made other arrangements.
What other arrangements?
Sorry, Dan. Can't say.
It's to protect you.
Jess-- Oh, really? Come on. Don't--
Jess. Please. It's not safe.
Then handle it. Make it safe.
And when you're done with it,
stay away from us.
Is this for us?
No, I don't think so. Couldn't be.
- Hi.
- Gwen.
What are you doing here?
I wasn't expecting all this.
I was on a layover nearby, and I thought,
I'll just come get you myself.
Okay.
Hi. You must be Molly and Van.
I'm Gwen. Hi, little one. There's
breakfast on board, if you'd like it.
Sure.
- Thanks.
- Jessica, what is wrong? Are you okay?
What happened? Where's your husband?
We had a fight.
Oh, boy.
Hey, maybe you can help me
with my guy problems then.
- How about that?
- I'd love to.
Remember that ex
I told you about in Buffalo?
- Yeah.
- We were together for years.
It was good. I mean, it was really good.
You know when you just can't
get enough of each other physically?
I thought he was the one,
and then he just threw it all away.
Married some other woman
who was the complete opposite of me.
And the worst part...
she's insufferable.
- Wait. You met her?
- I had to.
He created this whole life
with this woman,
and I needed to see
what she had that I didn't.
What did you do?
I did what I do best. I got in close,
I won her trust, and then I just waited
patiently for her to walk into my trap.
You know, I think
I left something in the taxi.
Hey, Molly?
- Yeah?
- You wanna bring your brother?
Let's go. We're leaving.
I told you to stay off this op.
And yet, who brought them to you
in a big, fat bow?
You needed me.
I know Sean better than you ever will.
Do whatever you want
with the family. I don't care.
I just want Sean.
He's my payment for delivery.
You couldn't let it go, could you?
You know me better than that.
Look, you can have me,
but I want your word
that you won't go after my family.
"Go after"?
You're a little behind, buddy boy.
- I swear to God, if you hurt them--
- Come and get 'em.
Somewhere public.
I think you're mistaking
who holds the cards here.
Be at the old Poseidon Casino
north of the city in 30 minutes...
alone.
Come on out!
Hello, old friend.
He brought you in for this, huh, Spiros?
He brought everybody.
Follow me.
He's alone.
Well, well. How sweet.
He could have been halfway
around the world by now,
and yet here he is, trading his life
for the family that abandoned him.
So, am I ever getting back
that five grand I lent you in Morocco?
I'll tell you what.
If you're still alive in ten minutes,
I'll pay you back with interest.
Oh, shame. It's a beautiful place.
They're demolishing it in ten days.
All this for me? I'm flattered.
How's the family?
Which one?
We're coming up.
There he is.
Are you okay?
No hug for your old man?
Why start now, Dad?
I'm sorry, what?
I'm your grandfather, Kyle.
Oh, my God. We're British.
He didn't tell ya?
No. He left that part
out of his no-more-lies speech.
- Well, I said he was a father figure.
- Not quite the same, Dan.
This is good, right?
He's not gonna kill his own grandkids.
Look, do whatever you want with me.
Let them go.
What is it you think I want, Sean?
Kill me.
In that spider's nest of a heart,
you actually think that I wronged you.
You were my son.
My legacy.
I poured everything I am into you.
You threw it all away.
You abandoned me. You broke my heart.
So, yeah. I wanted you dead.
But then something happened
over these past few days.
You wasted every single guy I sent at you.
Every goddamn one.
You are every bit the killer
I taught you to be.
No. It's not who I am anymore.
Bullshit.
Tell me you didn't feel more alive
the past three days
than you have done in years.
And as you smoked each of my men,
I felt something that I haven't felt
in a very long time.
Pride in my son.
What? So, what is this?
Now you don't wanna kill me?
What the hell do you want?
I want you back.
What?
Things were never as good after you left.
For any of us.
So, I want my son back,
working by my side in the family business.
You're not seriously considering this,
- are you, Dad?
- Quiet, Kyle.
Everybody wins.
You come back where you belong.
Be who you were born to be.
Jess and the kids
go safely back to Buffalo.
It's what they want anyway.
Sure beats the shit out of selling cars.
But no contact.
Can't have you going soft on me again.
I'm their father.
There's no way this is gonna happen.
I'm sorry to hear that.
Start with the wife.
- Wait, no! I--
- There's no third option!
Either it all ends here and now,
or you give your family
exactly what they want and then some!
I'll do it.
Okay.
Spiros, see the family to the airport
with our blessing.
Dad.
Dad, please.
I love you. I'll always love you.
Look, we can't just abandon Dad.
What am I supposed to do?
It's my job to keep you safe.
I'm a mom.
Okay, then be the mom that lifts the car.
- What?
- You know, the mom.
She has the baby, and she lifts the car.
Yeah. You know. Car mom.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
It's an urban legend, Mrs. Morgan.
A baby is trapped under a car.
His mother gets a burst of adrenaline
and lifts the car up with her bare hands.
Your children are suggesting
you overpower me to rescue their father.
Yeah. Thank you. Exactly.
I would advise against it.
Now. Duh.
Your father made his choice.
I mean, do you think he wants this?
It's Dad that we're talking about.
The guy that took me to junior prom
when Trevor didn't show up.
The guy that wakes us up for school
with shitty raps about Wednesdays.
That's beautiful.
My father never did that.
I'm sorry. Can you shut up, Spiros?
Hey. Stop.
Children.
Mom, we're not a family without Dad.
Dad needs to know that we don't want this.
I know we said we did last night,
but, Mom, I don't.
If he still chooses to do it,
then so be it.
But he needs to know.
I mean, he thinks
that we don't love him anymore, Mom.
We can't just let things end like that.
Oh, Max.
I haven't changed you.
We have to get this off of you
before you get a rash.
You forgot the diaper bag.
Oh, my gosh.
Ooh, gosh. It's a real messy one.
Oh, crap.
Maybe he'll be all right.
Or not.
What do we do now?
We're gonna go find your dad.
Give me a minute alone with him,
would you?
I wanna be wheels up in ten minutes.
I thought if I ever saw you again,
I'd kill you.
But since we're here...
Better.
Oh, sure. Pretend I'm not here.
This isn't gonna happen. I have a wife.
You had a wife.
Now you're free.
Doesn't it feel good
to be back where you belong?
It's been a long time, Gwen.
You think I forgot your little tricks?
You think I forgot this?
I knew you hadn't changed.
You could never resist me.
Vulcan neck pinch.
Kyusho Jitsu.
Hey. I'm just the tech guy.
I'm so sorry for this, you guys.
For the ass-grabbing part
or the 18-years-of-deception thing?
Both. All of it.
Hey. Tie him up.
- Yeah. You.
- Come on.
I wanted to tell you about everything,
but there was never a good time.
- Never a good time?
- When was I gonna tell you?
On our first date? Our second?
When you were pregnant with Nina
or by our fourth?
- What?
- Do the math, Nina.
Any of those times
would have been a better time.
You should have told me the truth,
and I could have made up my own mind.
You're right. I'm sorry.
I was stupid and selfish.
But I was in love with you.
I mean, you've been my whole world
since the moment we met.
Being your husband and their father,
that's the real me.
That's all that matters to me.
All right. I swear on my life,
I'll never keep anything from you again.
Where's Spiros?
Thought they were with you.
Hey, bro.
Everyone I know is talking about
what Kyllboi did at HyperX last night.
- Really?
- Yeah.
Kyle. Less talking, more tying, okay?
Sorry.
No way. A Sky Raven drone?
Awesome.
Just, careful with it.
- Hey, man. You got a great kid.
- I need your comms.
Dude!
Hey, Kyle. Give me that.
You're not anti-technology. You're--
You're awesome.
- They're coming.
- What?
Go up to the roof and find somewhere
to hide with the kids, okay?
No, you're not going down there.
It's the only way to end this.
This is the only way we go home.
We don't have to go home. We can just
go to Canada and be the Andersons.
- Please, Dad.
- It's too late for that, Beans.
No. You're not giving yourself up to them.
No. I'm getting us home.
Okay.
I got a plan.
Look, I need to be that guy
one last time for us.
Dad. There's too many of 'em.
Well, I have something they don't have.
Kyllboi.
That's your comms. You're my eyes
and my ears, okay? I'm counting on you.
Let's go.
Move out, Kyllboi.
Hey, Kyle,
you're on the same channel as me.
I want every inch of this atrium covered.
Movement on the elevator!
The elevator door. Now!
You see a shot, you take it,
because, believe me, he will.
You got a shot?
Negative. I don't see him yet.
He's not here.
Wait.
What do ya got?
Take cover!
Holy shit.
Hey. See anybody?
He's up there!
Shit.
Talk to me, Kyle.
You're my eyes.
You're clear on your right. Go now.
Dad, man on your left.
Dad, are you okay? Man ahead.
Man on your six.
Great job, Kyle.
I'm on it, Dad.
Talk to me, Kyle.
They've got the drone.
Look out. Behind the curtain.
Come on, Dad. Get him.
You again.
They mopped your ass up
off aisle three, huh?
Gonna need that mop again.
Gwen, where the hell are you?
Gwen?
- Gwen?
- McCaffrey?
What's going on?
Kid's got the drone.
Find him.
Call it off, Dad!
Hold your fire!
Change your mind, Sean?
No. But here's your chance to.
Call it off now.
You don't have it in you
to kill your own flesh and blood.
I, on the other hand, do have it in me.
Let him have it!
Go. Underneath. Go.
Wait. No.
Look after your brothers.
Don't make a sound.
Do not leave Max, whatever happens.
Jessica.
Is that you?
Talk to me, Kyle.
Gwen's up here.
I know the sound of an empty gun
when I hear one, sweetie.
So why don't we make this real easy,
shall we?
Unless you think you can take me.
I think Mom's gonna fight her.
You think you can beat me
because you took some kickboxing classes
at the Y and wear Lululemon?
Ooh, no.
Learn that in class?
Yeah.
You know I do this for a living, right?
While you were popping out brats
and clipping coupons,
I was assassinating dictators.
So, why don't you go back to the PTA?
'Cause you're a joke.
Kyle, what do you see?
All right, there's nine guys left.
Four to your right, five ahead of you.
I'm out of ammo, Kyle.
Find cover, Dad. A man coming.
Get over the low wall. Now.
Kyle, could have mentioned
that table, buddy.
Sorry.
Take out the one on the left now.
Dad, hold on. We gotta move.
Kyle. That guy below,
chase him through the foyer.
Okay, I'm going. I'm chasing him.
Keep him coming.
He's coming right at me.
Take Max. I gotta go help Mom.
Talk to me, Kyle.
Two left, including granddad.
Man on your right!
Wouldn't go that way if I were you, Sean.
Dad, Mom's hurt. We're in big trouble.
Little brats.
I was wrong about you, Sean.
You're no use to me.
Family have made you weak.
You can't even focus
on the fight you're in because of them.
Hi. Going somewhere?
Don't worry about her. She's great.
You know, that move
you pulled back there, little one?
That was a very bad idea.
Look. For what it's worth, killing minors
is the least favorite part of my job.
Now, who's first?
We're not done!
Mom. No, Mom!
Bang.
Mama.
Oh, come on.
Just die.
Mama.
Look at this.
You can't be serious.
Not quite the decathlete
we once were, huh?
Sorry, kids. It's nothing personal.
Maybe a little.
Here we go again.
She's like The Little Engine That Could.
There's nine other events, bitch.
Oh, my God. Mom.
Far as I'm concerned,
this is an act of mercy.
I'm saving you 20 more years
of selling used cars.
Certified pre-owned.
Goodbye, Sean.
Grandpa! Wait!
I know you think that we probably hate you
for everything that's happened
these past few days, and--
and maybe we should.
But I've learned that family is the most
important thing in the entire world.
And when I look at you,
I don't just see a cold-blooded killer.
I see my grandpa.
And maybe there's a way
for us to move forward...
as a family.
Kid, if you think this little speech
is gonna win me over...
Honestly...
I was just hoping
it would buy him enough time to do this.
Oh, baby.
- Dad.
- Hey.
Thank you.
Hi!
Wow!
Good afternoon,
and welcome to the news at noon.
While details are continuing to emerge
about a covert paramilitary group...
Thanks.
...responsible
for high-profile assassinations
reportedly spanning decades,
this bombshell story was broken
by a high school newspaper reporter,
Nina Morgan.
And you're dead.
That's bullshit.
You said there'd be two hostiles.
I lied. But, Sam, that was better.
Take him down harder.
I didn't wanna hurt the guy.
No, he'll be fine.
He's small, but he's very strong.
Hey, excuse me. Why don't you
get thrown against a truck 20 times?
Because my name's on the letterhead.
Et voil!
Hey, guys. I have a family commitment.
Augie, you take it from here, okay?
Let's pick up the pace!
I'm gonna be gone for the next few days!
I want you to remember me!
Hey, it's time to go.
Okay, people. I'm out.
Guys, come on.
We gotta beat the traffic!
Oh, come on.
No, I cannot show up to school
in this monstrosity.
- How could you do this to me?
- Don't blame me.
Levon applied all the discounts
and all the points. Didn't you hear?
We are platinum elite
superior diamond members.
Okay. I got the snacks. I got the maps.
- Let's do this.
- Nice.
- Hey, phones, please.
- For real?
Yeah. Catch it.
There you go.
- Thank you.
- If you throw this away, I will kill you.
- God, gross.
- Oh, gross.
You gonna be doing that
all the way to California?
- Yes. All the way.
- Yeah. Absolutely.
- Come on.
- Yeah.
- I'm going. Here, scooch.
- And I will take those.
- Beep, beep.
- Here we go.
One, two, three!
Road trip!
Oh, my God. Guys, I almost forgot.
What? Yeah?
- Say goodbye to these.
- No!
Why?
Oh, my God.
That's not funny.
In a minute, I'ma need a sentimental
Man or woman to pump me up
Feelin' fussy
Walkin' in my Balenci-ussies
Tryna bring out the fabulous
'Cause I give a fuck way too much
I'ma need like two shots in my cup
Wanna get up, wanna get down
Ooh, that's how I feel right now
Oh, I been so down and under pressure
I'm way too fine to feel this stressed Yeah
- Or used to be
- Be
Who is this? Janet Jackson?